Updates to Python Tutorial v2 (#5963)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/python-tutorial.md

Install [Python from python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/). You can typically use the **Download Python** button that appears first on the page to download the latest version.

> >**Note**: If you don't have admin access, an additional option for installing Python on Windows is to use the Microsoft Store. The Microsoft Store provides installs of [supported Python versions](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/search?hl=en-us&gl=us&publisher=Python%20Software%20Foundation).

Reviewer: I think you can remove the `hl=en-us&gl=us&` from the query so that non-US, non-en readers will hopefully get a localized version

Reviewer: I took out those two query items. Let me know if you think that's incorrect. The URL resolves correctly for me

Author: Works for me as well

> **Note**: For additional information about virtual environments, see [Environments](/docs/python/environments.md#creating-environments).

1. Create a Virtual Environment using the Create Environment Command

>    From within VS Code, you can create non-global environments, using Venv or Anaconda, by opening the Command Palette (Ctrl+Shift+P), start typing the `Python: Create Environment` command to search, and then select the command. You can also trigger the `Python: Create Environment' command through the Getting Started with Python page.

Reviewer: You can use ``kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`` instead of directly putting the Windows/Linux keyboard shortcuts. The website will then show the correct keyboard shortcuts depending on the reader's platform.

Reviewer: There is an example above in the Select a Python interpreter section

Reviewer: Also please use bold for command text so **Python: Create Environment**

Reviewer: Fixed

>    The command presents a list of environment types, Venv or Conda.

Author: ```suggestion
   The command presents a list of environment types, Venv or Conda. For this example, select **Venv**.
```

   ![Create Environment dropdown](images/environments/create_environment_dropdown.png)

>    If you are creating an environment using **Venv**, the command presents a list of interpreters that can be used for your project.

Author: ```suggestion
   The command then presents a list of interpreters that can be used for your project.
```

   ![Virtual environment interpreter selection](images/environments/interpreters-list.png)

>    If you are creating an environment using **Conda**, the command presents a list of Python versions that can be used for your project.

Reviewer 2: Because this is a tutorial ,we can be opinionated and ask them to make a choice. For simplicity sake (and because this is a general script tutorial), I think we could suggest users to just choose `venv` and then for the rest of tutorial, assume that is what they're using

Author: Updated to reflect this suggestion

>    If you are creating an environment using **Conda**, the command presents a list of Python versions that can be used for your project.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>    ![Conda environment Python version selection](images/environments/conda_environment_python_versions.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

>    After selecting the desired interpreter or Python version, a notification will show the progress of the environment creation and the environment folder will appear in your workspace.

Author: ```suggestion
   After selecting the desired interpreter, a notification will show the progress of the environment creation and the environment folder will appear in your workspace.
```

   ![Create environment status notification](images/environments/create_environment_prompt_status.png)

>    The command will also install necessary packages outlined in a requirements/dependencies file, such as requirements.txt, pyproject.toml or environment.yml, located in the   project folder.

Reviewer: Please use inline code blocks for filenames so it would be:
"such as `requirements.txt`, `pyproject.toml`, or `environment.yml`"

Reviewer: There is also an extra space before "project folder"

Reviewer: fixed

- [Debugging](/docs/python/debugging.md) - Learn to debug Python both locally and remotely.
- [Testing](/docs/python/testing.md) - Configure test environments and discover, run, and debug tests.
- [Settings reference](/docs/python/settings-reference.md) - Explore the full range of Python-related settings in VS Code.

> - [Deploy Python to Azure App Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/tutorial-containerize-deploy-python-web-app-azure-01)

Reviewer: You can remove `en-us` so that readers will get the appropriate localized version of the tutorial

Reviewer: fixed
